feat: Allow for bodyDef and fixtureDefs to be prepared earlier (#2768)
flame-engine/flame: doc/bridge_packages/flame_forge2d/forge2d.md

## BodyComponent

The `BodyComponent` is a wrapper for the `Forge2D` body, which is the body that the physics engine
is interacting with. To create a `BodyComponent` you can either:

- override `createBody()` and create and return your created body;

> - use the default `createBody()` implementation: pass a `BodyDef` instance (and optionally a list
> of `FixtureDef` instances) to BodyComponent' constructor' `bodyDef` (and `fixtureDefs`) arguments;
> - use the default `createBody()` implementation: assign a `BodyDef` instance to `this.bodyDef`, and
> optionally a list of `FixtureDef` instances to `this.fixtureDefs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- use the default `createBody()` implementation by passing a `BodyDef` instance (and optionally a
list of `FixtureDef` instances) to the BodyComponent's constructor;
- use the default `createBody()` implementation and assign a `BodyDef` instance to `this.bodyDef`,
and optionally a list of `FixtureDef` instances to `this.fixtureDefs`.
```
